So where
the tenderloin was kind of cradled on top.
I do have a bit of a muscle that's left,
so I'll just run my knife
along that section.
And just remove.
So once I get that piece of meat
out of there, which can go into trim,
I now have a better line of sight at these
what we call feather bones.
So I start by coming underneath
the feather bones
and I can do them one by one,
or I can come in and do them all at once.
Depending on your comfort level,
and then I need to focus on
getting this backbone removed, too,
so I'll come in on this side,
I'll switch my grip.
And I'll, just kind of follow
along that backbone, like so
so now these bones are released
and these bones are released.
I just need to kind of work out that bone.
So using the tip of my
life, I'm
just kind of working in and out along
what's known as pin bones in here.
So we'll just cut to the section
where we can get those pin bones out.
And now I've got a boneless loin, OK,
from the boneless loin section. Um,
I like to get boneless loin chops,
but we can also put it in a cure
and we would get our peameal bacon
out of this.
So what we'll look at is first getting
a nice boneless loin chop out of it.
And again, most kind of like dealer's
choice, how thick you want to cut them
fast fry would be something thinner
in this neighborhood.
We took off
fat, be something more of a fast fry.
And then for those more adventurous cooks,
you can go a little bit thicker
as a boneless loin chop
and just come
underneath of it
and take the skin off like so.
And then we also have if we flip it over
and take off the skin.
Like so.
Like I did with the sirloin.
Something that.
Might be a little bit more common might be
a butterfly chop that we've seen before.
So I can come in.
Cut it, not all the way down to the table,
but almost
all the way from that side.
You have got a butterfly chop as well.